Correction, both maker and taker benefit (#37)
joinmarket-webui/jamdocs: docs/market/fees.md

that your transaction will be included quickly.

In JoinMarket, you pay fees to [market makers][maker] in order to use their

> liquidity to both of your advantage. However because the market maker gets the fee as he is waiting around and providing the liquidity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
liquidity to both of your advantage. While both maker and taker benefit in terms of privacy, only the maker is earning a fee (for the opportunity cost of providing liquidity).
```
